Add snapshot testing blog post for publish tomorrow (#18)
hamlim/blog-2k19: src/pages/posts/2019/march/snapshot-testing.mdx

---
title: Snapshot Testing
publishDate: '03-01-2019'
---

import Footer from '@components/PostFooter.js'

# Snapshot Testing

> The otherday I noticed this really succinct and to the point tweet about

Author: ```suggestion
The other day I noticed this really succinct and to the point tweet about
```
